<h4>How did you organize the team? Which tools did you use, if any?</h4>
- We first got the thought of working together when we were all playing an online video game. We decided upon our group members while playing and then finalized our team when we attended the tutorial that was focused on creating the final project teams. When it came down to the tools, we mainly used Discord and Skype to communicate with each other when deciding on our group members and the direction that we would head towards with our possible project topics.

<h4>How did you make decisions?</h4>
- When it came down to decision making, this was a process which included all members of the group. All members had an equal say in what would occur when it came to the direction of the project. Whenever we faced a dispute among how we should proceed with the project, we would discuss everyone's perspectives and then proceed to either agree on one of the perspectives or have a poll/vote to reach a final decision. This is esentially how we decided upon our project topic. Everyone gave their topic idea and discussed how exactly it would work. After everyone presented their ideas we held a vote to find which idea was the most accepted and liked within the group.
  
<h4>How did you define priority and/or points of user stories? How many rounds of voting (on average) did you need to come to a consensus for the point estimate?</h4>
- We chose to use the Fibonacci sequence as our point system because some features are really simple to implement while others are large scaled. The large scaled features we hope to break down into multiple simpler steps, as we are unsure on how to implement these features at this moment. We defined priority based on what we want to get finished by each sprint, so we prioritized getting logged in and playing a single player game before the larger multiplayer version, and before adding friends. On average it took two to three rounds of voting to come up with a consensus for the point estimates.

<h4>Did you meet in person or online?</h4>
- We mainly met online as it was less time restrictive, making it alot more convenient compared to meeting up in person. As stated above, whenever we met up online we would use tools such as Skype or Discord, making communication very simple and fast. While we mainly met up as a group online, whenever we met up in person, we ended up accomplishing a lot more work in a lot less time.

<h4>How frequently did you meet?</h4>
- When it came to meeting in person, we tended to meet up after classes on Wednesday's and Friday's as that was the time that was the most convenient since we would all be there and we would all finish class at the same time. Essentially, we ended up meeting twice a week when it came to in person meetings. The online meetings were all over the place as we tended to discuss ideas about the project when we weren't together as the whole group. We would usually come up with ideas as a part of the group and forward those ideas to those members who weren't involved in the discussion to see what their opinion on the topic would be. These types of discussions would take place all over the week, but we would make sure to meet up as a complete group at least two times throughout the week for a timeframe that was longer compared to the in person meetings.

<h4>What lessons should you take forward to the next phase?</h4>
- The most obvious lesson that we should take to the next phase is that we need to meet up in person alot more often than we currently are. Sure, it may be more convenient to meet up online, but meeting up in person allows for the processes to be much more simpler and go alot smoother. A second lesson would be that we should aim to meet up as a team a bit more. We gathered as a group enough to get all the required documents and files done on time, however, we could additionally meet up to further discuss the project. We should aim to meet up so that we can discuss and reflect upon all the encountered difficulties and completed tasks, and how we intend to go forward from the current point in the project.
